Fillers

A local high-school social studies class is currently learning about the founding of the United States, and its first presidents.

The teacher wants to see if her students know the name of the third US president. With this goal in mind, the teacher asks her class, "Who is the third President of the US?"

In fact, the third president of the US is Thomas Jefferson.

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to the teacher's question.
   



On a popular game show, contestants compete on teams by answering questions about a random topic.

On this episode, the host is asks the contestants to name common items that people pack on a trip. With this goal in mind, he asks the teams, "What do people commonly pack on a trip?"

In fact, people usually pack a toothbrush and a change of clothes.

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to the host's question.




A DJ at a local radio station has a lunchtime segment where listeners can call in to win exclusive concert tickets.

The DJ is going to give out tickets to the first caller who can name all four members of the famous band, the Beatles. With this goal in mind, he asks the listeners, "What are the names of the four members of the Beatles?"

In fact, their names are Paul McCartney, John Lennon, Ringo Starr, and George Harrison.

Please rate the appropriateness of the following answer to the DJ's question.





Carrie is the lead guitarist of a band with a devoted following. She conducts a weekly online chat with the fans.

She is secretly using this week as an occasion to find out where the most fans are from in order to plan the band’s tour next year. With this goal in mind, she asks the fans chatting with her, "Where does everyone come from?"

In fact, the listeners come from Philadelphia, New York, LA, and Boston.

Please rate the appropriateness of the following answer to Carrie's question.



The first grade classes in local school district are learning about the health benefits of different food groups.

The first grade teachers want to assess what the children know about fruits and vegetables. With this goal in mind, they ask the children, "What do you know about fruits and vegetables?"

Please rate the appropriateness of the following answer to the teachers' question.



A 3rd grader is doing a report on Barack Obama, the former president of the United States. She wants to include information about what he was like as a president and as a father.

She remembers that the Obamas have a pet dog. She decides to include information about the dog in her report, such as its name and breed. With this goal in mind, the 3rd grader asks Siri, "What kind of dog do the Obama's have?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to the 3rd grader's question.



An interior designer is working on making over his best friend Annie’s house. He thinks the colors are currently too drab.

The designer wants to bring a splash of color into the house, but he wants to know the colors Annie prefers. With this goal in mind, he asks his friend, "What are your favorite colors."

In fact, Annie's favorite colors are blue, turquoise, and red.

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to the designer's question.



The owner of a local nursery has been approached by a customer who wants to rejuvenate her dying houseplants.

The nursery owner suspects that the customer is not providing her houseplants with enough water, so she needs to find out more about the customer’s plant watering habits. With this goal in mind, the nursery owner asks the customer, "How often do you water your plants?"

In fact, the customer waters her plants once a day.

Please rate the appropriateness of the following answer to the nursery owner's question.




Chloe is preparing a vegetarian lasagna using a new recipe for the first time. Typically, she uses mozzarella in her lasagnas, but this recipe calls for a cashew-based dairy substitute.

Chloe wants to know if the cashew ‘cheese’ sauce will taste good. With this goal in mind, she asks the readers of a well-known food blog, "What does cashew cheese taste like?"

In fact,

Please rate the appropriateness of the following answer to Chloe's question.




Bill’s car broke down, so he took it to his local mechanic. He is nervous, because he knows car repairs can often be expensive.

Bill wants to get a sense of how severe the damage is, and how much it is going to cost him. With this goal in mind, he asks the mechanic, "How much is this gonna cost me?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Bill's question.


Sarah is planning an upcoming event for the members of her club on campus, and is looking for a space where she can host the event. She has been instructed to contact the scheduling office about available spaces.

Sarah calls the office to find out about the spaces that are available for her event. With this goal in mind, she asks the administrative assistant who answers, "Are there any available spaces?"

Please rate the appropriateness of the following answer to Sarah's question.




Ellen works for a company that makes promotional T-shirts. Today, she had a meeting with some staff members of a local elementary school who want to order T-shirts in honor of their beloved principal's upcoming retirement.

Ellen wants to make sure she records the school’s order correctly. With this goal in mind, she asks the school staff, "How many T-shirts do you want to order?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Ellen's question.




Frankie is traveling out of state for the weekend and is staying in a hotel. He is checking in at the front desk.

He wants to watch the snowboarding event of the Winter Olympics, but he is unfamiliar with the local TV channels. He thinks the front desk worker will know. With this goal in mind, he asks the front desk worker, "What channels are showing the Winter Olympics?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Frankie's question.




Andrew is making chili for the first time.

He wants his chili to be just spicy enough, so he wants to know which kind of chili peppers to use. With this goal in mind, he asks Google, "What are the best hot peppers for chili?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Andrew's question.




Diane is getting dressed for school. The weather has been unpredictable lately. One day it’s warm and muggy, another day it’s cold and windy.

The Alexa app is usually a reliable source for the local weather forecast. Diane wants to know the weather today so that she can dress appropriately. With this goal in mind, Diane asks Alexa, "What's the weather today?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Diane's question.





Yu’an just switched to a new dentist. The dentist is conducting a first-time examination.

The dentist has noticed some plaque accumulation and would like to know something about Yu’an’s dental hygiene routine. With this goal in mind, the dentist asks Yu’an, "How often are you flossing?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to the dentist's question.



A group of friends has been out for dinner together. They decided to share all of the dishes and split the bill at the end of the evening. The waiter has delivered the bill to the table.

The group decides that Angela, a math professor, will work out how much each person owes. With this goal in mind, they ask Angela, "What do we each owe?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to their question.



Jo and Pat went to the movies together. Jo drove them both there, and parked in the theater’s parking garage. After the movie ends, they head to the parking garage. However, Jo has forgotten where the car is parked.

Jo knows that Pat has a really good memory, and thinks Pat will be able to help find the car. With this goal in mind, Jo asks Pat, "Where did we park?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Jo's question. 




Isaac is a 5-year-old practicing his counting. He wants to count to 500, but this a really challenging feat. Isaac is counting with his older brother, who is helping him practice.

Isaac just got up to 73 and can’t remember what comes next, but he wants to keep going. With this goal in mind, he asks his older brother, "What comes next?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Isaac's question. 




Aaron is a huge Packers fan. He had to miss the Monday night Bears-Packers football game to work.

When he was finally done with his shift, Aaron wanted to know the final score. With this goal in mind, he pulls out his phone and asks Siri, "What's the score of the Bears-Packers game?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Isaac's question. 




David is in the market for a new car. He is visiting a car dealership today and is talking with the salesperson about the different options.

David has a wife and two young children. He wants a car that will comfortably seat his entire family. With this goal in mind, he asks the salesperson, "What's the safest car for a big family?"

Please rate the appropriateness of the following answer to David's question.




Maddie’s 4th grade class is having a Halloween party. She has volunteered her mom to bring party favors for the entire class.

Maddie’s mom needs to gather more information about the class’s preferences before she goes shopping. With this goal in mind, Maddie’s mom asked Maddie, "What kind of candy does everyone like?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Maddie's question.




Olga has just returned from a trip to visit her family in Russia. She brought back a box of assorted chocolates for her friend Veronica, who doesn’t speak Russian.

Veronica loves chocolate, but she’s allergic to nuts. She can’t read the Russian writing on the box of chocolates Olga brought her, but wants to know more about the contents of the chocolates. With this goal in mind, Veronica asks Olga, "What does it say about the ingredients?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Veronica's question.



Padma and Archana are both avid Harry Potter fans. They have both read all of the books multiple times. They have both taking a quiz to see which of the four Hogwarts houses they would be placed in if they were students at Hogwarts.

Padma wants to know if she and Archana would be sorted into the same house. With this goal in mind, Padma asks Archana, "What house are you in?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Padma's question.



Jared has been invited to his niece’s birthday party. He doesn’t really think of himself as being great with young children, and he always forgets how old she is.

Jared needs to buy an age-appropriate gift for his niece. With this goal in mind, he asks his mom, "What's an age-appropriate gift for my niece?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Jared's question. 



David is at the airport, getting ready to take a flight from Newark, NJ, to Tampa, FL. The security checkpoint setup has changed since he was last at the airport, and he’s a little confused.

David has TSA pre-check, and needs to locate the designated line for this status, so that he can move through security more quickly. With this goal in mind, David asks one of the TSA agents, "Where's the TSA pre-check lane?"

Please rate the appropriateness of the following answer to David's question.



It’s almost final exam time, and Marta is helping her friend Danielle get ready for her final exams by creating a study schedule.

Marta wants to make sure that Danielle knows when all of her final exams are so that she can set aside blocks of time for studying before each one. With this goal in mind, Marta asks Danielle, "When are each of your exams?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Marta's question.



Catherine’s sink has just sprung a leak. She is determined to fix it herself, so she watches a YouTube video, and then heads to Home Depot to pick up the supplies she needs to repair it.

Catherine is not used to the layout of Home Depot, and thinks an employee can help her find the plumbing supplies aisle. With this goal in mind, she asks the employee, "Where is the aisle with plumbing supplies?"

Please rate the appropriateness of the following answer to Catherine's question.




Josh loves all things Disney. He’s going to Disney World with his family for Spring Break, and he’s super excited.

Josh wants to make sure he picks up a special souvenir mug for himself while he’s at Disney World. He especially wants one with Mickey Mouse on it. With this goal in mind, he asks the shopkeeper at one of the souvenir stores, "Where are the mugs with Mickey Mouse?"

Please rate the appropriateness of the following answer to Josh's question.




Larry needs a new cell phone, but isn’t sure what kind to get. He did some research online, but the moment he sets foot in the AT&T store, he becomes overwhelmed with all of the choices of cell phones and cell phone plans.

Larry has been approached by an AT&T employee. Larry thinks this employee can help narrow down his options. With this goal in mind, Larry asks the AT&T employee, "What's the most popular plan?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Larry's question.





Henry owns a bakery, and frequently bakes cakes for weddings. Today a couple is meeting with him about their wedding cake.

Henry wants to get an idea of the couple’s taste and style preferences. With this goal in mind, he asks them, "What are you favorite kinds of cake?"

Please rate the acceptability of the following answer to Henry's question.



Ernie recently hosted a potluck dinner party. He has a full container of pitted olives that someone left behind.

Ernie has decided he wants to use these olives to make an olive tapenade. With this goal in mind, Ernie gets out his iPad and asks Siri, "How do you make olive tapenade?"

Please rate the appropriateness of the following answer to Ernie's question.
